Cart slots (#125)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/cart/cart-slots.mdx

> ---

Reviewer: The [Overview page](https://github.com/commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront/pull/125) can be updated to include the cart slots, or alternatively, it can only be accessible for each container that has a slot.

title: Cart Slots

> description: Learn about the slots provided in the Cart dropin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Learn about the slots provided in the cart drop-in component.
```

tableOfContents:
  minHeadingLevel: 2
  maxHeadingLevel: 3
---

> Learn about the slots provided in the Cart dropin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn about the slots provided in the cart drop-in component.
```

> [Extending dropins](/dropins/all/extending/) describes default properties available to all slots.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Extending drop-in components](/dropins/all/extending/) describes default properties available to all slots.
```
